README.md, before:

# Example AshitaCast XMLs 
A Collection of Ashitacast XML used on Nocturnal Souls FFXI

In this repository you will find a collection of AshitaCast XMLs that I use on [Nocturnal Souls](https://nocturnalsouls.net). Most of these .xml are very straight forward. Most come with rebinds for F9 to toggle your weapon (e.g. RNG between Archery and Marksmanship, PLD between Almace and Burtgang).

Some jobs have special logic included (BRD is heavily customized to allow for one button song casting), but most are just simple templates to give you a starting point (TP Set, WS Set, MACC Set, etc).

Some examples of special use:

BLM/SCH/RDM - Has level detection to scale down between uncapped, Level 71-98, level 51-70, and level 50. This is to equip different gear for levelcapped content (BCNM, etc).

BRD - Has custom commands for songs to allow single button song casting (e.g. /minuet will start at Minuet 5, and work down to 4, 3, and 2, then reset to 5.)

PLD - Has toggles for both mainhand (Burgang/Almace) and Offhand (Aegis/Blurred Shield +1). By default, it will presume you want to be in tanking gear (DT/PDT/MDT).

THF - F9 Will toggle between TH and non-TH (Changes out offhand, hands, waist, feet).

General Questions can be directed to the [Nocturnal Souls Discord](https://discord.gg/swnTWUv) in #job_qa.

As always, .xml are provided as-is with no warranty expressed or implied.

Commit message:

Logic Fixes and melee Example
* Corrects Item usage order (Para > Doom/Curse > Silence > Everything Else)
* Adds additional logic before swapping in Chatoyant Staff for webjester_noob.xml
* Adds Basic Ashitacast Example for Melee

README.md, after:

# Example AshitaCast XMLs 
A Collection of Ashitacast XML used on Nocturnal Souls FFXI

In this repository you will find a collection of AshitaCast XMLs that I use on [Nocturnal Souls](https://nocturnalsouls.net). Most of these .xml are very straight forward. Most come with rebinds for F9 to toggle your weapon (e.g. RNG between Archery and Marksmanship, PLD between Almace and Burtgang).

Some jobs have special logic included (BRD is heavily customized to allow for one button song casting), but most are just simple templates to give you a starting point (TP Set, WS Set, MACC Set, etc). There is also an examples folder with basic ashitacast examples to help beginners with basic usage.

Some examples of special use:

BLM/SCH/RDM - Has level detection to scale down between uncapped, Level 71-98, level 51-70, and level 50. This is to equip different gear for levelcapped content (BCNM, etc).

BRD - Has custom commands for songs to allow single button song casting (e.g. /minuet will start at Minuet 5, and work down to 4, 3, and 2, then reset to 5.)

PLD - Has toggles for both mainhand (Burgang/Almace) and Offhand (Aegis/Blurred Shield +1). By default, it will presume you want to be in tanking gear (DT/PDT/MDT).

THF - F9 Will toggle between TH and non-TH (Changes out offhand, hands, waist, feet).

General Questions can be directed to the [Nocturnal Souls Discord](https://discord.gg/swnTWUv) in #job_qa.

As always, .xml are provided as-is with no warranty expressed or implied.
